Document custom naming for temporary processing outputs (#10988)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing/toolbox.rst

(the availability depends on the algorithm you run):

* :guilabel:`Skip Output`: if you are not interested in a given output of the algorithm

> * :guilabel:`Create Temporary Layer` (``TEMPORARY_OUTPUT``): the output is stored in a vector :ref:`temporary scratch layer <vector_new_scratch_layer>`.
>   Users can assign a custom name to the temporary output layer directly from the output widget while keeping the output temporary.

Reviewer: Let's use the "you" as in other options, keep lines shorter, and explain rules for a valid name.
```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Create Temporary Layer` (``TEMPORARY_OUTPUT``):
  the output is stored in a vector :ref:`temporary scratch layer <vector_new_scratch_layer>`, using a default name.
  You can assign a custom name to the temporary output layer directly from the output widget.
  Enter a name, without file extension and file path.
  A valid name is indicated by the |createMemory| icon displayed next to it.
```
